Luzin subsets (S147) (S148) are totally path disconnected (P46) and not meager (P56) (#1500)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000147/properties/P000046.md

---
space: S000147
property: P000046
value: true
---

Assume there are $a,b\in X$ with $a<b$ such that there is a path from $a$ to $b$. By intermediate value theorem, $(a,b)\subseteq X$.
Make a copy $B$ of the (uncountable, nowhere dense) Cantor set contained with the interval $(a,b)$. 

> Then $B$ is uncountable and nowhere dense with respect to $\mathbb{R}$ as well, however $B\cap X=B$, which is uncountable, and thus contradicts $X$ being a Luzin set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume there are $a,b\in X$ with $a<b$ such that there is a path from $a$ to $b$. By the intermediate value theorem, $(a,b)\subseteq X$.
Take a copy $B$ of the Cantor set contained with the interval $(a,b)$. 
Then $B$ is a nowhere dense subset of $\mathbb{R}$, but $B\cap X=B$ is uncountable, which contradicts $X$ being a Luzin set.
```
streamlining
